PORT-11462 Add danger admonition to the pages API page (#1750)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/api-reference/pages.mdx

- **Create**, **update**, and **delete** widgets.
- **Update** and **get** page permissions.

:::danger pages api beta status
The Pages API is currently in beta, in its current form it lacks certain validations and protections and it could render your portal unusable if used incorrectly.

If you choose to use the Pages API please understand this risk.

> In case you do choose to use the Pages API and encounter issues, please reach out to support@getport.io for help fixing the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you use the Pages API and encounter issues, please reach out to `support@getport.io` for assistance.
```
